Add more docs on adding ITs (#1563)
GoogleCloudPlatform/DataflowTemplates: contributor-docs/add-integration-or-load-test.md

  TableId table = bigQueryResourceManager.createTable(testName, SCHEMA);
  
  // Generate fake data to Pub/Sub topic

>   // In a normal integration test (non-load test), you can use the resource manager

Reviewer: how about

```suggestion
  // In a normal integration test (process a small amount of data), you can use the resource manager
```

same below

Author: SGTM, updated
